Fix WebSocket link with an explanation (#222)
matter-labs/zksync-docs: docs/dev/events.md

This is a quick tutorial on how to use zkSync events API. For the detailed description of events data types, please refer to [the documentation](../api/events.md).

> The feature is currently available only on the Ropsten and Rinkeby testnet. The API is not yet fully stabilized and may change in the future.

Reviewer: > The feature is currently available only on the Ropsten and Rinkeby testnet

It is also available on mainnet (you provide the link to the mainnet below)

Make sure, you have selected correct WebSocket and DefaultProvider:
```javascript
F.e.:

> WebSocket("wss://ropsten-events.zkscan.io/") <-> getDefaultProvider("ropsten")

Reviewer: Maybe better to show as a list of URLs? A string

`wss://ropsten-events.zkscan.io  -   ropsten  Provider` is not JS code.

This is a quick tutorial on how to use zkSync events API. For the detailed description of events data types, please refer to [the documentation](../api/events.md).

The feature is currently available only on the mainnet, the Ropsten and Rinkeby testnet. The API is not yet fully stabilized and may change in the future.

Make sure, you have selected correct WebSocket (Required) for Network (Optional)*.
```
            WebSocket               Network
wss://ropsten-events.zkscan.io  -   ropsten
wss://events.zksync.io/         -   mainnet
wss://rinkeby-events.zksync.io/ -   rinkeby
```

An example.
```javascript
...
async function main() {
  // Connect to the event server.
  const ws = new WebSocket("wss://ropsten-events.zkscan.io/"); // Required
...
```

> *Provider is used just for user-friendly token formatting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The feature is currently available only on the mainnet, the Ropsten and Rinkeby testnet. The API is not yet fully stabilized and may change in the future.

> Make sure, you have selected correct WebSocket (Required) for Network (Optional)*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure, you have selected the correct WebSocket URL for the network:
```

```

>             WebSocket               Network

Reviewer: Please organize this as a table in markdown

  // Get the provider. It's important to specify the correct network.
  const provider = await zksync.getDefaultProvider("ropsten");
  // Connect to the event server.

>   const ws = new WebSocket("wss://ropsten-events.zkscan.io/");

Reviewer: I propose to change the provider to mainnet instead of changing the websocket url

Author: @StanislavBreadless No problem, Just by my understanding, with highest probability customers will use any of test networks before they will switch them to use real funds.
